There are certain ethical and professional responsibilities that must be followed when making an application that will be publicly used. Some of these ethical responsibilities include making sure the application is accessible to those with any kind of disability that would impair them from using any portion of the app; developers should always be thinking if what they are making is accessible. Generally, the professional responsibilities include things such as making sure the application works, represents who you are working for well, has good data security for its users with no data coming in contact with unauthorized outsiders, the application is well documented, and follows laws.

Engineering solutions are everywhere and affect all kinds of global, economic, environmental, and societal settings. Engineering solutions impact problems on the global scale, like making sure certain things like applications changing their language based on where the user is from. Engineering solutions impact economics by shifting supply and demand for certain items and materials based on what is needed to make sufficient solutions for problems. Engineering solutions impact the environment by having a responsibility to make solutions that take the environment into consideration, such as considering global warming. Lastly, engineering solutions affect societal settings by allowing for more mediums of communication, as well as changing the way we interact with the world, like ordering an item online.

Data should be handled responsibly. User passwords should be encrypted and kept hidden, and private information should not be accessible to anyone without the correct authorization. Failing to do this could negatively affect users socially and economically if private information was shared or leaked.
