## Meetings

### 2022/11/15 at 11:00 
- Atendees: Gift Olatunji, Erich Carrasco
- Team updates (15min or less)
  <Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can help.>
  - **Gift:** worked on meeting updates. Will work on Functional requiremnts 5 and 6 next. 
   - **Erich:** worked on creating git repository and pushing downloaded files (requirements and stuff). Will work on Functional requirements next.
  
- Summarize group progress: We were able to add our base files to fit and create a repository
    
### 2022/11/17 at 11:00 
Atendees: John Clear, Gift Olatunji, Erich Carrasco
- Team updates (15min or less)
  - **Gift:** worked on meeting updates and creating functional requiremnts. Will work on writing use case for functional requiremnts 5 and 6 next. 
   - **Erich:** worked on creating functional requiremnts. Will work on writing use case for functional requiremnts 7 and 8 next. 
  - **John:** worked on creating functional and non functional requiremnts. Will work on writing use case for functional requiremnts 9, 10,11 and 12 next. 
- Summarize group progress: We were able to create 12 functional requiremnts and 4 non functional requiremnts. We also assigned a functional requirement to each teammate.

### 2022/11/22 at 11:20 
Atendees: John Clear, Gift Olatunji, Erich Carrasco
- Team updates (15min or less)
  - **Gift:** worked on meeting updates and writing use case for functional requiremnt 5 and 6. Will start writing code for functional requiremnt 1 next. 
   - **Erich:** worked on writing use case for functional requiremnts 7 and 8. Will work on the splash page next.
  - **John:** worked on writing use case for functional requiremnts 9, and 11. Will work on the ser home page next.
- Summarize group progress: We were able to write user case for the 6 functional requiremnts. We also will start writing code for each of our assigned functional requirement.

### 2022-04-29 at 10:30
- Who attended the meeting
- Team updates (15min or less)
  <Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can help.>
  - <name> worked on X. Will work on Y next. 

- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
  <- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible for that requirement.>

- Summarize group progress
